Update to markdown links (#9384)
tendermint/tendermint: DOCKER/README.md

The Dockerfile for Tendermint is not expected to change in the near future. The main file used for all builds can be found [here](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tendermint/tendermint/main/DOCKER/Dockerfile).

> <!-- markdown-link-check-disable-next-line -->
> Respective versioned files can be found <https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tendermint/tendermint/vX.XX.XX/DOCKER/Dockerfile> (replace the Xs with the version number).

Reviewer: This shouldn't really be a link.

```suggestion
Respective versioned files can be found at `https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tendermint/tendermint/vX.XX.XX/DOCKER/Dockerfile` (replace the Xs with the version number).
```

Author: Agreed
